README.md, before:

# Awesome Create Figma Plugin

> A curated list of reference plugins/widgets and resources related to the [Create Figma Plugin](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/) toolkit

## Official

- [Create Figma Plugin docs](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/)
- [v1 launch and overview of key features](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim/status/1395027169869402113)
- [Twitter Moment: Plugins/widgets for Figma/FigJam made with the Create Figma Plugin toolkit](https://twitter.com/i/events/1426897583817990154)

## Reference plugins/widgets

### Plugins

<!-- markdown-interpolate: node scripts/print-table.js plugin -->
*51 plugins by 26 authors*

Name | Description | Author
:--|:--|:--
[**Alex**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/872001708828653182) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/nickradford/figma-plugin-alex) | Catch insensitive, inconsiderate writing | [Nick Radford](https://figma.com/@9742655e_9f3b_4)
[**Amplitude Event Planner**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/921207224854227439) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/amplitude/amplitude-figma) | Annotate your design with Amplitude event labels | [Amplitude](https://figma.com/@amplitude)
[**Clean Document**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379019764649932) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-clean-document) | Automagically organize and clean up your Figma document | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Color Picker for FigJam**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1030933889092035687) | Apply a custom fill color to any object in your FigJam document | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Component Utilities**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-component-utilities) | Copy and create components, and replace layers with components | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Copy & Rotate**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1003651932772848456) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/alexwidua/figma-copy-and-rotate) | Create radial interfaces and patterns in Figma with instantiated, rotated copies of elements | [Alex Widua](https://twitter.com/alexwidua)
[**Copy and Paste Autolayout**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/923016403442923783) | Copy and paste Auto Layout properties | [Maxim Artyushenko](https://figma.com/@maxart2007)
[**Delete Multiple Pages**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/953656637827255284) | Delete multiple pages at once | [Maarten Zilverberg](https://twitter.com/mzilverberg)
[**DhiWise**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1037309320238203168) | Convert your design to Swift, Kotlin, or Flutter code | [DhiWise](https://dhiwise.com)
[**Distribute Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379264700569551) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-distribute-layers) | Distribute layers in a given direction and offset | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Draw Connector**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/988836825341227586) | Draw perfect orthogonal connectors between layers | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Draw Mask Under Selection**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/806532458729477508) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-draw-mask-under-selection) | Draw a mask under the selection | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Draw Slice Over Selection**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379335945775056) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-draw-slice-over-selection) | Draw a slice over the selection | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Easing Gradients**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/907899097995668330) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/alexwidua/figma-easing-gradients) | Create smooth gradient transitions with cubic easing functions | [Alex Widua](https://twitter.com/alexwidua)
[**FigLink**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/981531596501862559) | Replace layers with library components that have a matching name | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**FigTag**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/998914249119019489) | Apply tags to frames | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Find and Replace Colors**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/806266638862897503) | Find and replace colors | [Wei Zhong](https://figma.com/@wei)
[**Flatten Selection to Bitmap**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/837846252158418235) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-flatten-selection-to-bitmap) | Rasterize layers at a high resolution | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Font Switcher**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1039430358164496626) | Change the font via Quick Actions while preserving the font weight | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Format Currency**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/780785006732555859) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-format-currency) | Format and convert between currencies | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Free Hands**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/986640827067490181) | Directly manipulate spacing and Auto Layout properties on the canvas | [ShuaiQi Sun](https://twitter.com/SShuaiqi)
[**Happy Ipsum**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1040116132312926263) | Use Bob Ross’s happy quotes as placeholder text | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Health Icons**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/992844281461869440) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/iamtekeste/health-icons-figma-plugin) | Free and open source health icons | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Icon Sizes**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1000211110592209830) | Automatically create variants for different icon sizes | [Jorge Martins](https://twitter.com/jorgemartns)
[**Insert Big Image**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/799646392992487942) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-insert-big-image) | Insert and retain the original resolution of big images | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**J4F**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/957889474923510992) | Manage Jira issues from Figma | [Karim Shakirov](https://figma.com/@k2589)
[**Juliette**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1044333944861264414) | Generate accessible color combinations | [Guillermo Velasquez](https://figma.com/@moquez), [Michelle Guzmán O.](https://figma.com/@michelleguzmano), [Peanutbuttr](https://figma.com/@peanutbuttr)
[**Language Tester**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379122107077581) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-language-tester) | Test your UI in different languages | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Lorepsum**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/941410492434902618) | Generate dummy text for your mockups | [Meni Zanzibar](https://figma.com/@meni)
[**Metaimage**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1040077180224578586) | Generate social media link preview images | [Gregor Vostrak](https://twitter.com/fullsnack_)
[**Move Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379204511357902) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-move-layers) | Precisely move layers | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**New Page**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1037336302051693897) | Create one or more pages via Quick Actions | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Organize Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/786286754606650597) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-organize-layers) | Organize layers on the page | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Outline to Single Stroke**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1027037684003682350) | Convert filled vectors back to editable single-line vectors | [ShuaiQi Sun](https://twitter.com/SShuaiqi)
[**ProToFlow**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/989539821393693492) | Draw flow arrows based on prototype interactions | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Protofly**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1021879782774011952) | Create, save and reuse prototype interactions | [Santiago Moreno](https://twitter.com/sntiagomoreno)
[**Prototyper**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1020894954864594118) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/aashreys/prototyper) | Automatically create gamepad navigation prototypes | [Aashrey Sharma](https://twitter.com/aashrey_sharma)
[**Quick New Page**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/841200074370852792) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/afnizarnur/quick-new-page-figma-plugin) | Quickly create one or more pages | [Afnizar Nur Ghifari](https://twitter.com/afnizarnur)
[**Radix Icons**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1004461092590904310) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/colmtuite/icons-figma) | A crisp set of icons designed by Modulz | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**RTL PLZ**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/742121299910255177) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/saeedalipoor/RTLPLZ) | Write in RTL | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**RTL PLZ Handoff**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/947478767900326156) | Companion to RTL PLZ to allow text selection and developer handoff | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**RTL PLZ Reverse**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/940631928923964752) | RTL PLZ as a single command to perform a one-time reverse | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Select Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/799648692768237063) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-select-layers) | Select layers based on name, type, or similarity | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Selection Variants**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1027413532986522043) | Control nested variants instances within the selection | [Gleb Sabirzyanov](https://twitter.com/zyumbik), [Richard Guerre](https://twitter.com/RichardGuerre_)
[**Set Layer Size**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/817982008781589678) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-set-layer-size) | Precisely set the size of layers, while ignoring constraints | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Sonnat Theme Builder**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1037849474159092686) | Create themes for the Sonnat UI kit | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Sort Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379414704079825) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-sort-layers) | Sort layers by name or position | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Stack Theme Builder**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1038822221814377265) | Create themes for Stack Browser | [Ika Pkhakadze](https://figma.com/@ddramone), [Zviad Sichinava](https://figma.com/@zikosichi)
[**Text Utilities**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/899501266127939530) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-text-utilities) | Split, normalize, and bulk copy and paste text layers | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Token Space 8**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/983672137155100557) | Align and distribute layers using an 8-pixel grid | [Osung Jung](https://figma.com/@7c961091_9f98_4)
[**Upscale Image**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/939832535166467194) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-upscale-image) | Upscale low resolution images using machine learning | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
<!-- end -->

### Widgets

<!-- markdown-interpolate: node scripts/print-table.js widget -->
*6 widgets by 5 authors*

Name | Description | Author
:--|:--|:--
[**Device Frames**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1045386129853518633) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/brechtknecht/Figjam-Device-Frames-Widget) | Scribble quick interfaces on device mockups in FigJam | [Felix Tesche](https://twitter.com/mrfesch)
[**Graphpad**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1027276088284051809) | Build data visualizations and graphs with the Vega-Lite language | [Cameron Yick](https://twitter.com/hydrosquall)
[**Markdown Notes**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1028465458230585901) | Write notes in Markdown | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Storymapper**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1047983508317374017) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/WardMe/storymapper-widget) | A FigJam story mapping widget to focus on outcomes instead of outputs | [Ward Meremans](https://twitter.com/drawm)
[**Teams**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1047172873295538762) | Split up into teams, useful for virtual workshops | [Roman Nurik](https://twitter.com/romannurik)
[**Voting Sessions**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1037535899287211554) | Run quick polls in FigJam | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
<!-- end -->

## Contributing

The list is only for plugins/widgets that are:
- Made using the Create Figma Plugin toolkit
- Approved by Figma and available on [Figma Community](https://figma.com/community)

Plugins/widgets should be added to [`data/plugins.json`](/data/plugins.json) or [`data/widgets.json`](/data/widgets.json). Then, run the `build` script to regenerate this `README.md` file.

## See also

- [Figma Plugins Stats](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins-stats)
- [The UX of Figma plugins](https://uxdesign.cc/the-ux-of-figma-plugins-f4f896f8cf35?source=friends_link&sk=08a70b856568099811cb30cb24204558)

### Community

- [Figma Plugins Slack](https://figmaplugins.slack.com/)
- [Twitter List: Figma Society](https://twitter.com/i/lists/1426096037383581697)

### Open source plugins

- [`kevinwuhoo/figma-plugins-open-source`](https://github.com/kevinwuhoo/figma-plugins-open-source)
- [`thomas-lowry/figma-plugins-on-github`](https://github.com/thomas-lowry/figma-plugins-on-github#plugins)

Commit message:

Add `Color Kitchen` and `Copy`

README.md, after:

# Awesome Create Figma Plugin

> A curated list of reference plugins/widgets and resources related to the [Create Figma Plugin](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/) toolkit

## Official

- [Create Figma Plugin docs](https://yuanqing.github.io/create-figma-plugin/)
- [v1 launch and overview of key features](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim/status/1395027169869402113)
- [Twitter Moment: Plugins/widgets for Figma/FigJam made with the Create Figma Plugin toolkit](https://twitter.com/i/events/1426897583817990154)

## Reference plugins/widgets

### Plugins

<!-- markdown-interpolate: node scripts/print-table.js plugin -->
*53 plugins by 27 authors*

Name | Description | Author
:--|:--|:--
[**Alex**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/872001708828653182) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/nickradford/figma-plugin-alex) | Catch insensitive, inconsiderate writing | [Nick Radford](https://figma.com/@9742655e_9f3b_4)
[**Amplitude Event Planner**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/921207224854227439) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/amplitude/amplitude-figma) | Annotate your design with Amplitude event labels | [Amplitude](https://figma.com/@amplitude)
[**Clean Document**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379019764649932) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-clean-document) | Automagically organize and clean up your Figma document | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Color Kitchen**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1049477946127252395) | Create recipes for working with colors and color styles systematically, directly on the canvas where you can see what’s happening | [Richard Bruskowski](https://twitter.com/bruskowski)
[**Color Picker for FigJam**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1030933889092035687) | Apply a custom fill color to any object in your FigJam document | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Component Utilities**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/785894722513806497) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-component-utilities) | Copy and create components, and replace layers with components | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Copy**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1048003170461690444) | Copy properties of the selected layers from the Quick Actions bar | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Copy & Rotate**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1003651932772848456) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/alexwidua/figma-copy-and-rotate) | Create radial interfaces and patterns in Figma with instantiated, rotated copies of elements | [Alex Widua](https://twitter.com/alexwidua)
[**Copy and Paste Autolayout**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/923016403442923783) | Copy and paste Auto Layout properties | [Maxim Artyushenko](https://figma.com/@maxart2007)
[**Delete Multiple Pages**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/953656637827255284) | Delete multiple pages at once | [Maarten Zilverberg](https://twitter.com/mzilverberg)
[**DhiWise**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1037309320238203168) | Convert your design to Swift, Kotlin, or Flutter code | [DhiWise](https://dhiwise.com)
[**Distribute Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379264700569551) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-distribute-layers) | Distribute layers in a given direction and offset | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Draw Connector**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/988836825341227586) | Draw perfect orthogonal connectors between layers | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Draw Mask Under Selection**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/806532458729477508) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-draw-mask-under-selection) | Draw a mask under the selection | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Draw Slice Over Selection**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379335945775056) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-draw-slice-over-selection) | Draw a slice over the selection | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Easing Gradients**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/907899097995668330) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/alexwidua/figma-easing-gradients) | Create smooth gradient transitions with cubic easing functions | [Alex Widua](https://twitter.com/alexwidua)
[**FigLink**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/981531596501862559) | Replace layers with library components that have a matching name | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**FigTag**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/998914249119019489) | Apply tags to frames | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Find and Replace Colors**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/806266638862897503) | Find and replace colors | [Wei Zhong](https://figma.com/@wei)
[**Flatten Selection to Bitmap**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/837846252158418235) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-flatten-selection-to-bitmap) | Rasterize layers at a high resolution | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Font Switcher**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1039430358164496626) | Change the font via Quick Actions while preserving the font weight | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Format Currency**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/780785006732555859) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-format-currency) | Format and convert between currencies | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Free Hands**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/986640827067490181) | Directly manipulate spacing and Auto Layout properties on the canvas | [ShuaiQi Sun](https://twitter.com/SShuaiqi)
[**Happy Ipsum**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1040116132312926263) | Use Bob Ross’s happy quotes as placeholder text | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Health Icons**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/992844281461869440) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/iamtekeste/health-icons-figma-plugin) | Free and open source health icons | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Icon Sizes**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1000211110592209830) | Automatically create variants for different icon sizes | [Jorge Martins](https://twitter.com/jorgemartns)
[**Insert Big Image**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/799646392992487942) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-insert-big-image) | Insert and retain the original resolution of big images | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**J4F**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/957889474923510992) | Manage Jira issues from Figma | [Karim Shakirov](https://figma.com/@k2589)
[**Juliette**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1044333944861264414) | Generate accessible color combinations | [Guillermo Velasquez](https://figma.com/@moquez), [Michelle Guzmán O.](https://figma.com/@michelleguzmano), [Peanutbuttr](https://figma.com/@peanutbuttr)
[**Language Tester**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379122107077581) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-language-tester) | Test your UI in different languages | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Lorepsum**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/941410492434902618) | Generate dummy text for your mockups | [Meni Zanzibar](https://figma.com/@meni)
[**Metaimage**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1040077180224578586) | Generate social media link preview images | [Gregor Vostrak](https://twitter.com/fullsnack_)
[**Move Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379204511357902) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-move-layers) | Precisely move layers | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**New Page**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1037336302051693897) | Create one or more pages via Quick Actions | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Organize Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/786286754606650597) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-organize-layers) | Organize layers on the page | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Outline to Single Stroke**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1027037684003682350) | Convert filled vectors back to editable single-line vectors | [ShuaiQi Sun](https://twitter.com/SShuaiqi)
[**ProToFlow**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/989539821393693492) | Draw flow arrows based on prototype interactions | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Protofly**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1021879782774011952) | Create, save and reuse prototype interactions | [Santiago Moreno](https://twitter.com/sntiagomoreno)
[**Prototyper**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1020894954864594118) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/aashreys/prototyper) | Automatically create gamepad navigation prototypes | [Aashrey Sharma](https://twitter.com/aashrey_sharma)
[**Quick New Page**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/841200074370852792) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/afnizarnur/quick-new-page-figma-plugin) | Quickly create one or more pages | [Afnizar Nur Ghifari](https://twitter.com/afnizarnur)
[**Radix Icons**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1004461092590904310) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/colmtuite/icons-figma) | A crisp set of icons designed by Modulz | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**RTL PLZ**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/742121299910255177) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/saeedalipoor/RTLPLZ) | Write in RTL | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**RTL PLZ Handoff**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/947478767900326156) | Companion to RTL PLZ to allow text selection and developer handoff | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**RTL PLZ Reverse**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/940631928923964752) | RTL PLZ as a single command to perform a one-time reverse | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Select Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/799648692768237063) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-select-layers) | Select layers based on name, type, or similarity | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Selection Variants**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1027413532986522043) | Control nested variants instances within the selection | [Gleb Sabirzyanov](https://twitter.com/zyumbik), [Richard Guerre](https://twitter.com/RichardGuerre_)
[**Set Layer Size**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/817982008781589678) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-set-layer-size) | Precisely set the size of layers, while ignoring constraints | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Sonnat Theme Builder**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1037849474159092686) | Create themes for the Sonnat UI kit | [Saeed Alipoor](https://twitter.com/Sali__Pure)
[**Sort Layers**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/767379414704079825) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-sort-layers) | Sort layers by name or position | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Stack Theme Builder**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/1038822221814377265) | Create themes for Stack Browser | [Ika Pkhakadze](https://figma.com/@ddramone), [Zviad Sichinava](https://figma.com/@zikosichi)
[**Text Utilities**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/899501266127939530) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-text-utilities) | Split, normalize, and bulk copy and paste text layers | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
[**Token Space 8**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/983672137155100557) | Align and distribute layers using an 8-pixel grid | [Osung Jung](https://figma.com/@7c961091_9f98_4)
[**Upscale Image**](https://figma.com/community/plugin/939832535166467194) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins/tree/main/packages/figma-upscale-image) | Upscale low resolution images using machine learning | [Yuan Qing Lim](https://twitter.com/yuanqinglim)
<!-- end -->

### Widgets

<!-- markdown-interpolate: node scripts/print-table.js widget -->
*6 widgets by 5 authors*

Name | Description | Author
:--|:--|:--
[**Device Frames**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1045386129853518633) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/brechtknecht/Figjam-Device-Frames-Widget) | Scribble quick interfaces on device mockups in FigJam | [Felix Tesche](https://twitter.com/mrfesch)
[**Graphpad**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1027276088284051809) | Build data visualizations and graphs with the Vega-Lite language | [Cameron Yick](https://twitter.com/hydrosquall)
[**Markdown Notes**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1028465458230585901) | Write notes in Markdown | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
[**Storymapper**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1047983508317374017) [(GitHub)](https://github.com/WardMe/storymapper-widget) | A story mapping widget to focus on outcomes instead of outputs | [Ward Meremans](https://twitter.com/drawm)
[**Teams**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1047172873295538762) | Split up into teams, useful for virtual workshops | [Roman Nurik](https://twitter.com/romannurik)
[**Voting Sessions**](https://figma.com/community/widget/1037535899287211554) | Run quick polls in FigJam | [Tekeste Kidanu](https://twitter.com/tkmadeit)
<!-- end -->

## Contributing

The list is only for plugins/widgets that are:
- Made using the Create Figma Plugin toolkit
- Approved by Figma and available on [Figma Community](https://figma.com/community)

Plugins/widgets should be added to [`data/plugins.json`](/data/plugins.json) or [`data/widgets.json`](/data/widgets.json). Then, run the `build` script to regenerate this `README.md` file.

## See also

- [Figma Plugins Stats](https://github.com/yuanqing/figma-plugins-stats)
- [The UX of Figma plugins](https://uxdesign.cc/the-ux-of-figma-plugins-f4f896f8cf35?source=friends_link&sk=08a70b856568099811cb30cb24204558)

### Community

- [Figma Plugins Slack](https://figmaplugins.slack.com/)
- [Twitter List: Figma Society](https://twitter.com/i/lists/1426096037383581697)

### Open source plugins

- [`kevinwuhoo/figma-plugins-open-source`](https://github.com/kevinwuhoo/figma-plugins-open-source)
- [`thomas-lowry/figma-plugins-on-github`](https://github.com/thomas-lowry/figma-plugins-on-github#plugins)
